Clarify some subtleties of speculative plans for PRs (#686)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/run/ui.html.md

## Speculative Plans on Pull Requests

> When a pull request is opened between two branches in a linked repository, TFE runs a [speculative plan][] in every workspace linked to the destination branch and posts links to those plans in the pull request. Members of your organization can consult the plan results when reviewing pull requests. Speculative plans are re-run if the code in a pull request is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a pull request is opened from a source branch to a destination branch in a linked repository, TFE runs a [speculative plan][] in every workspace linked to the destination branch and posts links to those plans in the pull request. Members of your organization can consult the plan results when reviewing pull requests. Speculative plans are re-run if the code in a pull request is updated.
```
"between" sounded weird to me, I think of PRs as single directional - from one branch to one other.
